so let's start with the sort of almost
the simplest pizza that everybody loves
called Pizza Margherita which is just
your very simple tomato sauce fresh
mozzarella some parmesan and a few basil
leaves you know there are a lot of
jarred sauces on the market I don't
particularly like them I think they're
too sweet and too heavy and too heavily
seasoned so all I do is I take a can of
tomatoes this cost two dollars and 25
cents
add some salt and put it through this
gizmo which is a food mill if you don't
have a food mill you can just crush them
with your hands so just put our food
mill over a bowl turn the tank this is a
great activity for kids actually turning
the crank on this or even better
crushing them with their hands just have
it all ready so see we've we've broken
up the tomatoes but we haven't pureed
them so then 2 teaspoons of kosher salt
and just mix that up
for a pizza this size I would say a
third of a cup of sauce is the most you
want to use and the first time you do it
and measure or you're going to end up
using too much it's just only about that
much and spread it around leaving a
border of about an inch to 1/2 inch on
the side it doesn't seem like enough but
trust me it is then the parmesan again
about a third of a cup just sort of a
nice handful and then mozzarella but
just a few slices and you don't want to
cover the whole surface of the pizza you
know that's really enough
a few basil leaves four or five is
enough so simple delicious beautiful the
colors of the Italian flag so then we
put it into our very hot oven and I use
a pizza stone on the oven but if you
don't have one again just turn a baking
sheet upside down and put it in the oven
and get it nice and hot you want this to
go immediately on to a hot surface so
we'll just slide it in here and cook for
six to eight minutes so here we go our
pizza margherita this looks good the
crust is nice and brown the cheese is
melted as running all over the pizza and
we'll just dress it with just a little
olive oil